TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [ ] project wil be name acme

- [x] set t3 env
- [x] supabase setup
  - [x] setup locally 

- [ ] [auth setup](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/server-side/nextjs)
  - [ ] [supabase-auth-jwt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwnOal_xRtM)
  - [x] google
    - [Get Google OAuth with NextJS and Supabase working locally
](https://medium.com/@olliedoesdev/nextjs-supabase-google-oauth-on-localhost-0fe8b6341785)
  - [ ] apple auth
  - [x] email
  - [ ] make notes and take pictures of setup
    - [ ] enable config
    - [ ] test 
  - avatar image get user
- [x] oauth
- [x] password
  ```
  Be careful when protecting pages. The server gets the user session from the cookies, which can be spoofed by anyone.

  Always use supabase.auth.getUser() to protect pages and user data.

  Never trust supabase.auth.getSession() inside Server Components. It isn't guaranteed to revalidate the Auth token.

  It's safe to trust getUser() because it sends a request to the Supabase Auth server every time to revalidate the Auth token.
  ```
- [ ] setup supabase .env secrets vault setup

- [ ] test if testing works
- [ ] maybe add nextra (blog)

Commit message:

chore: removed anything with supabase

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [x] project wil be name acme
- [ ] storybook for ui framework

- [x] lefthook
- [ ] CI/CD pipeline with github actions
- [ ] expo
- [ ] dev, staging, prod, env
- [ ] sockets setup for testing later
- [ ] update to token based auth instead of session

- [x] set t3 env
- [x] supabase setup
  - [x] setup locally 

- [ ] [auth setup](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/server-side/nextjs)
  - [ ] [supabase-auth-jwt](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwnOal_xRtM)
  - [x] google
    - [Get Google OAuth with NextJS and Supabase working locally
](https://medium.com/@olliedoesdev/nextjs-supabase-google-oauth-on-localhost-0fe8b6341785)
  - [ ] apple auth
  - [x] email
  - [ ] make notes and take pictures of setup
    - [ ] enable config
    - [ ] test 
  - avatar image get user
- [x] oauth
- [x] password
  ```
  Be careful when protecting pages. The server gets the user session from the cookies, which can be spoofed by anyone.

  Always use supabase.auth.getUser() to protect pages and user data.

  Never trust supabase.auth.getSession() inside Server Components. It isn't guaranteed to revalidate the Auth token.

  It's safe to trust getUser() because it sends a request to the Supabase Auth server every time to revalidate the Auth token.
  ```
- [ ] setup supabase .env secrets vault setup

- [ ] test if testing works
- [ ] maybe add nextra (blog)
